WELCOME TO
"THE LATE SHOW."
I AM YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
HERE WE ARE, ONCE AGAIN, TRUMP
WANTS TO FIRE SOMEBODY.
BUT IN A REFRESHING CHANGE OF
PACE IT'S NOT DONALD BECAUSE
TODAY WE FOUND OUT IN A STUNNING
MOVE, FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP
IS CALLING FOR THE FIRING OF
DEPARTMDEPUTY NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISER, MIRA RICARDEL.
I ASSUME MELANIA'S DOING IT WITH
HER TRADITIONAL GOODBYE GIFT, A
JACKET THAT SAYS "U DON'T REALLY
WORK HERE ANYMORE, DO U?"
APPARENTLY, THE FIRST LADY'S
TEAM "SUSPECT MS. RICARDEL IS
BEHIND SOME NEGATIVE STORIES
ABOUT MRS. TRUMP AND HER STAFF."
ALTHOUGH, AN ANONYMOUS INSIDE
SOURCE IS QUOTED AS SAYING, "NO,
I'M NOT.
I MEAN, SHE'S NOT!
WHATEVER, I GOT TO PACK MY
STUFF."
(  LAUGHTER  )
EARLIER TODAY, THE FIRST LADY'S
COMMUNICATION DIRECTOR PUT OUT
THIS BLISTERING STATEMENT
ABOUT RICARDEL.
"IT IS THE POSITION OF THE
OFFICE OF THE FIRST LADY THAT
SHE NO LONGER DESERVES THE HONOR
OF SERVING IN THIS WHITE HOUSE."
THAT IS A CLASSY WAY TO DISS
SOMEBODY.
"FURTHERMORE, IT IS THE POSITION
OF THIS OFFICE THAT THE FIRST
LADY WILL CUT A BITCH."
(  LAUGHTER  )
>> Jon: OH, MY!
>> Stephen: RIGHT?
>> Jon: TESTY.
>> Stephen: HAVE THAT-- HAVE
THAT ENGRAVED ON SOME STATIONARY
AND SENT OVER.
( LAUGHTER )
THIS STORY HAS UNEARTHED SOME
JUICY BEHIND-THE-SCENES DETAILS
ABOUT THE FIRST LADY'S
RELATIONSHIP WITH CHIEF OF STAFF
JOHN KELLY.
APPARENTLY, MELANIA RAISED
CONCERNS WITH HER HUSBAND
EARLIER THIS YEAR THAT KELLY HAD
DENIED REQUESTS TO PROMOTE SOME
OF HER AIDES.
THE PRESIDENT WAS FURIOUS AND
TOLD KELLY TO GIVE THE FIRST
LADY WHAT SHE WANTED, SAYING, "I
DON'T NEED THIS (BLEEP)."
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> Jon: WOW!
CHOICE WORDS!
>> Stephen: YEAH.
THAT'S KIND OF SWEET.
HE QUOTED HIS WEDDING VOWS.
AND THERE'S MORE BIG NEWS-- THIS
IS HUGE:
DEMOCRAT KYRSTEN SINEMA HAS WON
THE ARIZONA SENATE RACE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THERE YOU GO.
SCRATCH THAT ITCH!
>> Jon: DIDN'T SEE THAT ONE
COMING!
>> Stephen: WAVE!
SINEMA IS A FORMER GREEN PARTY
ACTIVIST WHO HAS BECOME A
MODERATE MEMBER OF CONGRESS,
WHICH LED HER OPPONENT,
REPUBLICAN MARTHA McSALLY, TO
CLAIM SHE WAS JUST PRETENDING TO
BE A CENTRIST.
PRETENDING TO BE A CENTRIST--
THAT IS THE LAMEST ROLE PLAY.
OH, YEAH, BABY, YOU PRETEND TO
BE A CENTRIST, AND I'LL PRETEND
TO BE AN UNDECIDED VOTER.
YOU MAINTAIN THAT STATUS QUO.
YOU FIND THAT MIDDLE GROUND, YOU
HERE?
YOU REACH ACROSS THE AISLE.
( LAUGHTER )
SINEMA IS THE FIRST WOMAN
ELECTED TO THE SENATE FROM
ARIZONA.
ALSO, SHE WILL BECOME THE
FIRST-EVER OPENLY BISEXUAL
SENATOR.
FOR A REACTION--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
FOR A REACTION TO THIS NEWS,
LET'S GO LIVE TO VICE PRESIDENT
MIKE PENCE.
THAT IS NOT A STILL IMAGE.
THAT IS ROLLING VIDEO.
( LAUGHTER )
THIS IS JUST THE LATEST IN A
VERY BAD WEEK FOR THE PRESIDENT,
CASE IN POINT, NORTH KOREA.
BACK IN JUNE TRUMP CLAIMED
EVERYBODY CAN NOW FEEL MUCH
SAFER THAN THE DAY I TOOK
OFFICE.
THERE IS NO LONGER A NUCLEAR
THREAT FROM NORTH KOREA, BECAUSE
OUR REAL ENEMIES ARE CHINA,
CANADA, AND ACOSTA.
( LAUGHTER )
SOMEBODY DIDN'T GET THE MEMO
THAT NORTH KOREA WASN'T A
THREAT, AND THAT SOMEBODY WAS
KIM JONG-UN, BECAUSE WE JUST
FOUND OUT NORTH KOREA IS MOVING
AHEAD WITH ITS BALLISTIC MISSILE
PROGRAM AT 16 HIDDEN BASES.
16!
WE SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THOSE
WEREN'T ACTUALLY NEW "JOHNNY
ROCKETS" RESTAURANTS.
(  LAUGHTER  )
OF COURSE, TRUMP DISPUTES THE
MEANING OF THESE SATELLITE
IMAGES, TWEETING, "THE STORY IN
'THE NEW YORK TIMES' CONCERNING
NORTH KOREA DEVELOPING MISSILE
BASES IS INACCURATE.
WE FULLY KNOW ABOUT THE SITES
BEING DISCUSSED, NOTHING NEW--
AND NOTHING HAPPENING OUT OF THE
NORMAL.
JUST MORE FAKE NEWS.
I WILL BE THE FIRST TO LET YOU
KNOW IF THINGS GO BAD!"
OKAY.
( LAUGHTER )
(AS TRUMP)
FOR INSTANCE, SEE THAT MUSHROOM
CLOUD OVER THERE.
NOT GOOD.
AND TRUMP'S STILL GETTING OVER
HIS BIG WEEKEND IN PARIS, WHERE
HE CAUGHT A LOT OF FLACK FOR
SKIPPING A MEMORIAL CEREMONY
BECAUSE OF RAIN.
AND AFTER THREE DAYS OF STEWING,
HE FINALLY THOUGHT OF A GOOD
COMEBACK.
EARLIER TODAY HE TWEETED, "BY
THE WAY, WHEN THE HELICOPTER
COULDN'T FLY TO THE FIRST
CEMETERY IN FRANCE BECAUSE OF
ALMOST ZERO VISIBILITY, I
SUGGESTED DRIVING.
SECRET SERVICE SAID NO, TOO FAR
FROM AIRPORT AND BIG PARIS
SHUTDOWN.
SPEECH NEXT DAY AT AMERICAN
CEMETERY IN POURING RAIN!
LITTLE REPORTED-- FAKE NEWS!"
I KNOW IT SEEMS POINTLESS TO
BRING THIS UP, BUT TRUMP SPELLED
"CEMETERY" BOTH RIGHT AND WRONG
IN THE SAME TWEET.
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND AFTER FRENCH PRESIDENT
EMANUEL MACRON
(  LAUGHTER  )
I THINK I'M-- I TRUST I'M
PRONOUNCING THAT CORRECTLY?
MADE THINLY VEILED CRITICISMS OF
TRUMP'S SELF-PROCLAIMED
NATIONALIST POLICIES, TODAY THE
PRESIDENT FOUGHT BACK THE ONLY
WAY HE KNOWS HOW: PROPOSING
NATIONALIST TARIFFS.
"ON TRADE, FRANCE MAKES
EXCELLENT WINE, BUT SO DOES
THE U.S.
THE PROBLEM IS THAT FRANCE MAKES
IT VERY HARD FOR THE U.S. TO
SELL ITS WINES INTO FRANCE, AND
CHARGES BIG TARIFFS, WHEREAS THE
U.S. MAKES IT EASY FOR FRENCH
WINES, AND CHARGES VERY SMALL
TARIFFS.
NOT FAIR, MUST CHANGE!"
AREN'T YOU LOSING SUPPORT WITH
SUBURBAN WHITE WOMEN?
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
MAYBE NOW IS NOT THE TIME TO
COME AFTER WINE!
WHAT'S NEXT, BANNING BOOK CLUB
AND NANCY MEYERS MOVIES?
(  LAUGHTER  )
TRUMP ALSO TWEETED, "EMMANUEL
MACRON SUGGESTS BUILDING ITS
OWN ARMY TO PROTECT EUROPE
AGAINST THE U.S., CHINA AND
RUSSIA.
BUT IT WAS GERMANY IN WORLD
WARS ONE AND TWO.
HOW DID THAT WORK OUT FOR
FRANCE?
THEY WERE STARTING TO LEARN
GERMAN IN PARIS BEFORE THE U.S.
CAME ALONG.
PAY FOR NATO OR NOT!"
FRANCE AND GERMANY ARE ALLIES
NOW-- YOU CAN'T JUST PICK A
CONFLICT FROM HISTORY.
(AS TRUMP)
"ALSO, FRANCE, I WOULDN'T TRUST
ITALY.
REMEMBER HOW CEASAR INVADED YOUR
SOUTHERN PROVINCE TO PAY OFF HIS
DEBTS?
VENI, VEDI, VINCI."
(  LAUGHTER  )
BUT TRUMP SAVED HIS BEST TWITTER
SCREAM FOR LAST: "MAKE FRANCE
GREAT AGAIN!"
"M.F.G.A!"
(  LAUGHTER  )
I THINK-- I SUSPECT DONALD
TRUMP'S GOING TO HAVE A NEW LOOK
AT HIS NEXT RALLY!
(  LAUGHTER  )